Recommended Tech Debt tracking enhancements (#194)
UKHO/docs: software-engineering-policies/TechnicalDebt/TechnicalDebtMonitoring.md

# Technical Debt Monitoring

> The UKHO utilises it's [Grafana instance](https://grafana.mgmt.local/?orgId=1) to provide a series of dashboards for technical debt monitroing. The solution focuses on the Ukhydro Azure DevOps instance and utilises the [azdo-techdebt-exporter](https://github.com/UKHO/azdo-techdebt-exporter) prometheus exporter to produce the data set and metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UKHO uses its [Grafana instance](https://grafana.mgmt.local/?orgId=1) to provide a series of dashboards for technical debt monitoring. The solution focuses on the UKHydro Azure DevOps instance and uses the [azdo-techdebt-exporter](https://github.com/UKHO/azdo-techdebt-exporter) Prometheus exporter to produce the dataset and metrics.
```

## Dashboard Breakdown

The dashboards can be found by selecting the "Search Dashboards" option (top left) and then opening the "Technical Debt" folder. Current dashboards are located here and all future dashboards created related to technical debt should be placed within this folder.

## Support and Improvements

Currently DDC supports the solution, for any ideas for improvements, innovations or extensions please contact the team via email.

## SMEs

> * Matt Slade

Reviewer 2: We need  a different SME now.

Reviewer 3: have we got anyone?
